feat: add honeypot to grid form grow 2336 (#1735)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Organisms/GridForm.stories.mdx

    )}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Sweet Container Input

> Sweet container inputs can be used to detect bots by providing a field that is not accessible to human users, but are accessible to bots.

Reviewer: Nit: many people wouldn't know about honeypost, and if an attacker is diligent enough to read up on our GridForm docs I doubt they'd be tripped up by it.

Also nit: keyboard-using humans would see it, which is why we have an explanatory label. ✨ 

```suggestion
"Sweet container" ([honeypot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honeypot_(computing))) inputs can be used to detect bots by providing a field that would not generally be clicked by human users, but might be triggered automatically by bots.

We call it a "sweet container" so that bots don't immediately detect it as a honeypot input.
```

Author: This is awesome, thanks for making this much clearer, josh!
